[
    "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt",
    "In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.",
    "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu",
    "That which does not kill us makes us stronger. - Friedrich Nietzsche",
    "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon",
    "The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates",
    "To be, or not to be, that is the question. - William Shakespeare",
    "The unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates",
    "I think, therefore I am. - René Descartes",
    "The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay",
    "You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi",
    "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt",
    "Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. - William Butler Yeats",
    "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela",
    "The purpose of our lives is to be happy. - Dalai Lama",
    "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill",
    "It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot",
    "The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs",
    "If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein",
    "The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra",
    "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius",
    "The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha",
    "The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. - Tony Robbins",
    "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost",
    "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt",
    "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt",
    "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky",
    "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius",
    "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James",
    "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. - Charles Kingsleigh",
    "The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.",
    "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt",
    "The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it. - Jordan Belfort",
    "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese Proverb",
    "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs",
    "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt",
    "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson",
    "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis",
    "The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs",
    "The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln",
    "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt",
    "The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates",
    "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu",
    "That which does not kill us makes us stronger. - Friedrich Nietzsche",
    "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon",
    "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. - Charles Kingsleigh"]